Improve Replay docs for privacy (#6080)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/session-replay/manual.mdx

## Ignoring sensitive elements

See [Privacy Controls](/docs/session-replay/privacy) for detailed options for redacting sensitive elements.

## Console logs recording

> PostHog can also capture console logs from your application. This is useful for debugging, providing extra context on what is happening in your users browser environment. As console logs can contain sensitive information we do not capture these logs automatically. You can enable this feature globally from your PostHog [project settings page](https://app.posthog.com/project/settings) or client-side by setting `enable_recording_console_log` in our [JavaScript library config](/docs/integrate/client/js/#config) to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostHog can also capture console logs from your application. This is useful for debugging and providing extra context on what is happening in your users' browser environment. As console logs can contain sensitive information, we do not capture these logs automatically. You can enable this feature globally from your [project settings page](https://app.posthog.com/project/settings) or client-side by setting `enable_recording_console_log` in our [JavaScript library config](/docs/integrate/client/js/#config) to `true`.
```
